Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You just missed him, Dale.
Looks like your sight's
a little off.
Oh, come on, man,
let's just head back.
I ain't leaving till I kill...
somethin'.
Dude, it's...
it's just a rabbit.
Fuck this.
- Oh...
Get off me!
Just tell me
what you want!
You want money? I got money!
You gotta tell me
what you want!
I want you to remember
Mary Anne DaRosa before you die.
I don't know what
you're talking about!
You got the wrong guy!
- Ow!
Don't you remember?
Yeah.
Fuck! Yeah, I remember!
Aargh!
You a truck driver
or something like that?
Something like that.
Hm.
So where you headed?
- North.
- Oh, Canada'?
Not much up that way
but Canada.
Wait...
you ain't headed
to Hope, are you?
Straight on the highway, exit 26.
You'll know it when you see it.
Hey...
Can I help you with something?
Twenty bucks. Regular.
There a place to stay
around here?
Yeah, there's a motel
down the street.
The name's Kirby.
You can... see that.
Varrett.
Ask for Darcy at the motel.
She's cool.
Thanks.
'Cause you're not like a psycho
or something, right?
Right.
Karen Lee Matheson, 14.
Took authorities a week
to ID her body.
Mary Anne DaRosa, 11,
same M.O.
Dale James Burrows.
I want 24-hour surveillance
on this guy.
Lights.
Find this asshole. Quickly.
Yeah, you're gonna want to
call off that surveillance.
Why?
Somebody just turned Dale Burrows
into abstract art.
- When?
- Almost 48 hours.
- Are they sure?
- Pretty sure.
He's a goddamn pretzel.
Are they sure it's Burrows?
Oh, yeah. His hunting
buddies ID'd the body.
He's downstairs.
All right. Let's go.
Caucasian. Male.
Crushed trachea, broken ribs,
back, skull, legs.
Cause?
Fall. It definitely killed him.
But he was strangled first.
Whoever did it was really strong.
It was like his neck was in a vice.
It's our vigilante?
Fuck! You scared the shit out of me.
I'm sorry. Need a room.
Thirty a night, cash up front.
Stay through the weekend,
tack on another twenty.
No breaks for longer stays.
Don't steal any towels.
The TV and radio are bolted down,
so don't try to steal those either.
Two nights.
Okay, Ryan...
Varrett, welcome to The Palace.
You run this place by yourself?
It's just me.
What brings you to Hope?
Yeah.
Next building down.
Thanks.
What the fuck
are you looking at?
Piss on my bike?
- Get the fuck out of here!
What the fuck?
What the hell
you looking at, huh?
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
- We got a little problem here.
- Not any more.
Pick him up.
You know what'? You must have some of
the best health insurance in the world.
We're gonna have to continue
this conversation later.
Drayke.
So how's this work?
You just gonna text me?
Or you want me to wait here?
This guy's got some huevos.
Hey, Drayke, are you gonna
let him go or what?
No, no, no, no, no.
He'll get his.
Ooh, yeah.
That your GTX?
- Yup.
- '68?
'68.
You know about cars?
My husband was a gear-head.
We had a Mustang.
Was?
Widowed. Not divorced.
Mustang's a good car.
Beat the hell out of it,
the thing will keep running.
It keeps running.
Until it doesn't.
I don't drink.
Smoke?
Health nut.
Good for you.
- Cop'?
- No.
Skip tracer, bounty hunter,
traveling salesman.
- Did I miss anything?
- Jockey.
Yeah.
Where you goin'?
See the sights.
Well, that won't take long.
Drayke.
He's ready.
- What's he owe'?
- About a grand and a half.
Club's been floating him.
Let's even him out.
Oh, yeah! Come on!
Let's get it goin'!
Drayke.
Do you know what deadbeat is?
Deadbeat came out of
the American Civil War.
Soldiers fake injuries
so they wouldn't
have to do their duty.
Huh.
Drayke, I just need
a little bit of time.
Now, you wouldn't be trying
to not do your duty
payin' the club, would you?
I'd never do that.
Here's the deal:
One round...
with me.
I'll squash your debt.
You look like you could
scrap a little bit.
- Drayke...
- Shh! Shh.
One round?
One round.
Your debt's paid.
Good night! Good night.
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
Come on, Drayke!
Come on, come on.
- Do it!
-  Let's go, let's go!
One round.
Yaargh! Ohh!
Aah!
Ooh! Argh!
Aargh!
Yeah!
- Aargh!
Aah!
Please... Ooh!
Oh, yeah!
Whooo! Yeah!
He's cracklin'! Whoo!
He did pretty good
for a fat boy!
So what do we do with him, huh?
Let him go.
What about the 1,500?
That was easy!
What else you got?
He paid his debt.
I'm gonna need you
to check on the lab.
That prospect might be
smokin' up all the merch.
What? Right now?
Yeah, right now.
Follow him.
You're gonna wanna leave it on there
for about five minutes.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I know. I know.
Yeah, any longer,
it's gonna harden.
Right, right. You know,
I thought we could...
- take a little breakfast...
- stop.
Yeah, that's what
I'm talkin' about.
Now go ahead and bag
some of this shit up, man.
I'll let my brother know that we're set
for the next run, all right?
Okay.
Hey, man, hey, you know
that big fucker from today?
I hear he's staying
over at Darcy's.
At the motel?
Okay.
Just closing up, Rex.
Hm! Just wanna say hey.
Well, what is it?
You got a new guest stayin' here.
Big guy. What's his name?
This is a motel...
people come and go.
- I don't know his name.
- You're not lyin'?
No. I'm not.
Hm.
You all alone here?
What do you want, Rex?
Well, let's just say
that I'm, uh, interested
in the clientele, all right?
Yeah, well, Paris Hilton
just checked out.
That's funny.
What are you looking at?
Nothing.
Babe, you afraid of me?
No, I'm not.
That's good.
- What are you doing'?
- Hey, relax.
Just wanna take a peek, all right?
There's nothing in there.
Hm.
Argh!
Fuck!
I don't know why
we always fight.
Oh, you're an Aquarius,
I'm a Libra.
You're a freak! Fuck you,
you sick rapist fuck!
You killed that girl
because she said no.
They all say yes.
Eventually, they all say yes.
You know, in all seriousness, babe...
you need to show me a little
more respect, all right?
You know, my brother has
enough shit to worry about.
Especially without, uh...
Oh. Varrett. Ryan Varrett.
Room three, huh?
You Okay?
Yeah.
What are you gonna do with him?
He's Drayke Salgado's brother.
You can't touch him.
I'll try not to get any on me.
Hey! Hey!
Hey! What the fuck, man? Fuck.
Hey, look, man,
check this shit out, man.
Let me tell you something, all right?
I know... I know what
you're thinking, man!
Look, look, I didn't
hit her, all right?
I swear to you,
I didn't hit her!
You know what I mean?
She said some things, I said some things!
You know, just...
things get crazy, man!
It gets complicated!
That's a lie.
That's not why I'm here.
Argh! Ah! Argh!
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
All right...
All right, look, look!
I know what it is, man.
I was acquitted, man!
I was acquitted.
I swear to God I was!
Not by me.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
All right, look! Look!
Stop fuckin' playin', man! Shit!
All right, all right,
check this out, man.
Okay, I know why
you're here, man.
I'll tell you what, man,
my brother.
My brother, man! You know
who the fuck he is, right?
You know who I am!
You let me go.
'Cause I swear to God, homie,
if you don't, then my brother
will fuck you up, man!
But you let me go
and he'll go easy on you,
I promise you that, man!
I promise you,
if you just let me go, man...
I think you know why I'm here.
What'd they call you,
the Highway Man?
You like to make young girls
feel helpless?
Beating 'em?
Raping them?
Girls like Darcy.
That make you feel powerful?
That make you feel
like a big man?
What a beautiful night for a drive.
Enjoy the ride, Highway Man.
Uh... it's Rex, Drayke.
He's, uh...
Take me there.
How long has it been
since your last confession?
What is it, my son?
Thank you for my party.
- You're welcome.
- I love you.
You know there's nothing to be
afraid of, right?
Hello?
Chester!
Where the fuck's my brother?
I told you to keep
an eye on him!
He gave me the slip.
I called you on the pre-paid.
Get in there and get him.
- This wasn't an accident.
- Now, we don't know that.
We don't know what?
I'm just
sayin' there's...
no need to tear
the town to pieces.
Look, you live in this town
'cause I say you
live in this town.
I'll burn this motherfucker down
if I want to
and there ain't a fucking thing
you can do about it.
And you better take care of him.
He's young.
Fire's on the way.
What did he say?
Stay out of it.
I'll take care of 'em.
Sure.
You need to pick
your battles, son.
What battles did you pick?
You listen to me,
you arrogant little shit!
Things were different back when
I started making compromises.
Everything I did
was to keep Hope safe.
And that's what let me
sleep at night.
How you been sleeping lately?
Fuck.
You killed him?
Technically, it was the explosion
that killed him.
You can't stay here.
Drayke's gonna start a war.
- The older brother?
- Yeah, the crazy older brother
of the guy you just killed.
Drayke runs this town.
Meth. Guns.
He's the mayor.
We're all just paying rent.
How long have they been here?
Forever. Original charter.
Drayke's the worst
of the First 9.
He killed the president of the MC
and then he took over.
- What about the police?
- A couple of deputies.
The sheriff's in Drayke's pocket.
The rest of us, we just
keep our mouth closed,
our eyes shut,
and Drayke leaves us alone.
You know how it is.
Yeah.
So if you're gonna shake
the cage, go for it.
But leave me out of it.
I came here for Rex.
You come for one of them,
you get them all.
Why stay?
'Cause this is all I got.
Mike tried to get us out.
- My husband.
- They killed him.
He didn't come home.
Well, that's the nice way of saying it.
"He didn't come home." Like...
Like he's gonna walk through
the door one day and be like,
"Hey, honey, I'm not dead.
I just went out for cigarettes."
He didn't even smoke.
Look, you got a death wish?
That's cool.
Knock yourself out.
But it's gonna heat up
around here because of you.
Hey, Rex was a rapist, a murderer.
So'? Who are you?
Superman?
Shit.
Okay, wait.
Maybe...
Maybe you should stay.
I mean, you're... you're
all paid up and everything.
Okay.
Earthquake survival kit?
No, just stocking up
on a few things.
Hey, how's that, uh, new guy?
Uh, quiet.
Doesn't, uh...
Doesn't talk much.
That's like something
you read in the newspaper
and then you find a bunch
of headless hookers.
Is he nice?
Um... He's the strong, silent type.
Big guy, huh? Big dude.
Yep.
- Listen, Darcy, I was thinking...
if you're not busy...
- Deputy.
- Hey, Kirby.
Coffee?
Uh, no, thanks.
I'm already eight cups deep.
Cool.
Hell of a thing last night, huh?
Yeah, still smell
the smoke.
Accident?
Be nice, wouldn't it?
Hey, what happened to your eye?
I, uh, clocked myself in the face
with some loose drywall.
It's maintenance season
at the chateau.
The, uh, guy staying at your place,
who is he?
Just a guy. Cool car.
Pays in advance.
He hit you?
If he hit me
I'd be breathing through a tube.
- He's not like that.
- Okay.
He scrapped it out with
a prospect yesterday, so...
It's none of my business.
- Got one.
- Our vigilante?
Well, it could be.
Pierce County,
Washington State.
- Rex Ray Salgado burned alive.
- Salgado?
Six counts of rape,
assault, sexual battery.
- Highway Man. Piece of shit.
- Our guy's M.O.
Same as Burrows.
Skated perp living outside the walls
gets offed in style.
But check that out.
His older brother
is ATF's most wanted,
Drayke Salgado,
president of The Circle,
a bunch of vicious biker fucks
straight out of the pen.
Well, our vigilante
is probably long gone.
Nah, I doubt it.
No, if our guy whacked
Drayke Salgado's brother,
they wouldn't let him
out of town alive.
- Hm?
Fine. It was... no trouble. Really.
- Thanks.
- How many what?
Bikers. Here in Hope.
Depends on what
they're running...
drugs or guns.
Sometimes as many as 30,
as few as 9.
30.
Sometimes more, sometimes less.
They're like...
they're like roaches.
Taking off?
Soon.
Say goodbye before you go.
You, uh... You know you're paid up
for another night, right?
Well, I... Fridays,
I like to make a big dinner,
drink some wine,
watch The Price Is Right.
It's usually just me.
Tomorrow is Friday.
You're gonna
make me ask?
Sounds nice.
You know you can get
out of town, right?
Get the fuck out,
and no one would know.
And I won't say shit about Rex.
Burn the login book.
You were never here.
- Yeah.
- So why don't you?
Like you said...
I've already paid
for another night.
Oh! Fuck!
Drayke wants to see you.
I'm busy!
All right, all right, all right!
What does he want?
- He's lonely.
Drayke.
You know, I can't fight.
I'm scared of my own shadow.
My little brother
was killed last night.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, I heard.
I'm... I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
Well, yeah, nobody should have
to lose someone they care about.
Yeah, it brings up some, like...
a lot of emotions.
You know, like...
anger, sadness...
rage.
Confusion.
That's why you're here.
I'm totally confused, you know?
Perplexed.
I don't... I don't know anything,
if that's what you mean.
Kirby.
You know everything
that goes on in Hope.
Look, I...
You know why our club
is called... The Circle?
I, um...
Because we're like links in a chain.
You know, we're all connected.
Now, I need you to be an extra link.
Help us.
Help you how?
I need to know where he goes,
what he does, who he is.
I don't want to kill him
if he's an undercover fed.
- 'Cause it'd bring too much heat.
- Well, I don't, uh...
Yeah, okay.
Sure.
Anything you need.
Good.
That's good, Kirby.
I'd keep your hand still
if I were you.
No!
- Close your fist.
- What'?
- Squeeze it.
- Argh! Agh!
- Close your fist.
- Squeeze it!
Shit!
Now...
tell me a story.
Okay.
Okay, thanks. Thank you.
What's going on?
Just, uh, doing a check
on our friend, the tourist.
- And?
- He's a cop.
Or he was.
The police database
doesn't have a last known.
From Dallas.
Good cop, too.
Couple of medals.
Worked some high-profile
organized crime stings.
What's an ex-Dallas cop doing
all the way up here in Hope?
C'mon, guys, get in there!
Come on!
Hurry up!
That means you, prospect!
All right, you guys quit lollygagging!
Come on! Get in there!
Prospect, I'm watching you.
Knock that shit off!
Fuck! Son of a bitch!
Yeah, it's just a flat.
Go ahead, I got a spare.
Yeah, I'll check in
as soon as I'm mobile.
Fuck you very much.
Start walkin'.
Argh! Oh! Ahh!
Son of a bitch!
Start walkin'.
Motherfucker!
Crab! Where's Drayke?
He's at the boat. What's up?
We got problems.
Hey... Hey, boss.
One of our trucks got jacked.
- Cops?
- No, not cops.
Definitely not cops.
Fuck!
Generally, mechanics
look under the hood.
Uh... yeah.
Uh, sorry.
Sorry.
Um.
Hey...
It's a vintage auto.
Had to look, you know?
You wanna get a beer?
- A little early.
Yeah.
You know, I've had this place
for about ten years,
family's for 70.
My dad, his dad.
It's like a story, vivid history.
Like a legacy.
Like The Godfather.
You ever see The Godfather?
Yeah.
What goes on in that bar?
Yuh...
Meth, ca... Ooh!
Heroin, guns.
Drayke, he, uh...
Drayke.
He gets them hooked
on one or the other
and then when you end up
in debt to The Circle...
He kills 'em.
Yeah, if you're lucky.
- They run guns outta there?
- Yeah, the bar or the boat.
Boat? What boat?
The boat.
It's Drayke's other office.
It's like an old, half-sunken,
abandoned ferry.
It's all kinds of wrong.
How do they ship the cargo?
By water or by truck.
The Circle, they've got...
they've got charters
all over the country
and it just moves,
it's back and forth.
And the cops that
they can't pay, they kill.
But this town is the hub
and that boat...
is hell, sir.
Hell. And I'm not joking.
Hell.
Wow, you sure seem pissed off.
Why are you lookin' in my car?
Look, I got no beef with you.
But I gotta keep these
assholes off of my back
and they're asking me questions.
Tell 'em everything you know.
Protect yourself.
Hang on.
Oh shit!
Who is he?
That's Crab.
He's a sergeant at arms.
Hey, what are you doing?
Oh shit.
Hold on there.
You don't walk up to me
unless I tell you.
Some kind of hard-ass.
I get it.
- You done fucked up, boy!
- I hear that a lot.
God damn it!
Ah! You're gonna pay for that.
Disappear.
Where'd you learn
to fight like that?
From fighting.
I got a burnt fucking truck
five miles north of town.
I wanna know who set it up.
It wasn't us.
They burnt everything.
Ryan Varrett, ex-Dallas PD.
Went off the reservation years ago.
Well, he's way the fuck
off the reservation now.
Well, what do you want me to do?
What you always do...
nothin'!
Now, I don't wanna see
a whole lot of new faces in Hope.
No feds, no ATF.
I'll do my best.
Do better.
Ryan Varrett?
Those licensed weapons?
Some are, some aren't.
You going hunting?
You gonna arrest me?
Look, if you move in on Drayke now,
he's gonna expect it.
He's dug in, he's got his covers pulled.
You move now...
we're gonna get real dead,
real quick.
We?
Give me some time.
Let me see if I can invite
some guests to the party.
That way we're not
so outnumbered.
You a good cop, Hedge?
I'm not on the payroll,
if that's what you're asking.
You know how to use one of those?
I could probably figure it out.
I barely know you,
I invite you for dinner?
I didn't want anything more
than just company.
I'm sorry. Lost track of time.
It's nothing.
What happened to yours?
- You don't wanna know.
It's good you know what I want.
I thought you didn't drink.
They were executed.
Listen, you don't
owe me anything.
I should have died, too.
I'm sorry.
The biker turf war, my department
helped take 'em down.
Circle? Are you
talking about The Circle?
The ones I arrested were
from a small-time local club.
They wouldn't turn the others in.
- So you came here for what'?
- I came here for Rex Salgado.
But you're sticking around
for big brother?
Argh! No! Agh!
You're getting friendly with Varrett.
Please.
I'm disappointed, Kirby.
Disappointed, but I understand.
A man's gotta choose sides.
You chose wrong.
But...
you made a choice.
Okay.
- I'll do whatever you want.
- Yeah, sure, now.
C'mon, you gotta give me more time.
Varrett's like a lockbox.
- The man doesn't talk.
- Shh-sh!
You ever been to the joint, Kirby?
No.
The penitentiary changes you.
My first jolt...
conspiracy to distribute.
22, 23 years old. Just a kid.
Now, my first night in the joint,
I got what was called...
"covered wagon".
Blanket party.
Different penitentiaries have
different names, same thing.
Six hard-hitting
motherfuckers...
"blacks, whites, Mexicans"
Okay, okay, okay.
Look, he... used to be a cop.
He sounds like he's from Texas.
He drives a GTX.
I don't know what else I can
tell you about this guy.
They throw a blanket...
over the bars in the cell
so the guards can't see
what's coming down.
Then they torture you...
cut you...
beat you half to death.
It's like a free-for-all.
I got even
with every one of 'em.
And then when I got out...
I got them cops' name.
Made them pay.
Made their families pay.
'Cause that's what I do
to people that fuck with me.
Gotta balance the books.
Do you understand what I mean?
Jesus Christ!
Darcy... Darcy, you don't wanna see this.
You don't wanna see this.
Is it him?
Darcy! What are you doing?
What are you doing'?
Give me the gun.
What are you doing?
I thought we had an agreement.
Jesus.
That was some kinda
Mad Max shit out there.
We'll take care of it.
But I'm gonna need you to
run some interference.
Like I have a choice.
You always have
a choice... Sheriff.
You sober?
Want me to lie to you?
Well, either way,
you did the right thing.
Good.
- What are you talking about?
- The feds.
The feds are here?
It's a biker town.
- People come and go.
- Yeah, but in body bags'?
Rex Salgado's death
was an accident.
So he just strapped himself
to the hood of his car?
Now, you don't watch CSI, Sheriff?
Look, I know it was no accident,
so if I know, The Circle knows.
You don't think they're out there
looking for payback?
Do you have any suspects?
There aren't any.
I interviewed Drayke personally.
As far as he knows,
it was an accident.
Well, then, I'll let you
get back to work.
How long you think
you'll be stayin”?
As long as it takes.
Corner pocket.
You okay with those fingers?
How about I break yours?
You gonna shoot or what?
Shut up!
What the fuck?
Hey, you're gonna
wanna put that back.
Looks like you scratched.
Kick his ass.
♪ They put my name in lights ♪.
♪ I ride in limousines ♪.
♪ Transcontinental ﬂights ♪.
♪ Cocaine dreams ♪
♪ I got my house in the Hills... ♪
There's no sign of him.
Keep lookin'.
Yes, sir.
Kill 'em.
Who?
Everyone!
Yes, sir.
Dad, could you leave
the hall light on?
You know there's nothing
to be afraid of, right?
Um, wait, I'll be right back.
And thank you for my party.
You're welcome.
I love you.
You're carrying'?
Really?
Ryan, can't you stop being
a cop for one day?
- Oh! Good shot!
- Matty, come on!
Come on, Mom!
I'm sorry.
Take as much time as you need.
Where are they?
I can't do that.
The FBI and the ATF got
a previous investigation.
Besides, those three are
just local muscle drill-heads.
We're gonna find the rest of them,
the ones that got away,
the ones that planned it,
and those assholes are going to pay.
You have my word.
Where are they?
The sheriff wasn't too helpful.
No, my dad is just afraid.
What, does the MC
have something on him?
A long time ago...
The Circle used to
protect this town.
This was before Drayke took over
and started running guns.
And then Rex came home
with the recipe for meth.
Hope was like a frog in water.
You turn up the temperature gradually,
the frog doesn't even
know he's cooking.
I'd say the temperature
is damn near boiling now.
Varrett?
That you?
Stay away from the windows.
Get down.
When I give you the signal,
turn the lights off.
Okay.
Now.
Wow.
Thanks.
You know that door
wasn't locked, right?
Let go of me!
Let me go)!
Fuck you! Ryan!
Let me go, you fuckers!
Fuck you!
Let me go!
Ryan! Ryan!
No! No!
Ryan!
Darcy?
Darcy!
Hutchins, grab some men
and get down to the motel now.
They took her. I know it.
Look, just relax.
We'll get her back.
Dad, we have a situ...
Sheriff Cole, we have
a situation at the motel.
I need you. Over.
Shit.
Where's Darcy?
You know, my brother's sick. I know.
But he's family.
He shoulda never been left alone
with those girls.
Someone was supposed to be
watching him, so that's on me.
I'm gonna enjoy killing you.
Well, unlike Rex, you know,
I don't like hurting women.
But, unfortunately...
prospect there does.
Keep your fucking hands off her.
Get off me!
Now you and I...
we got a score to settle, don't we'?
Ah.
I know.
I can feel that pain,
that pain of being hurt.
The pain of somebody
hurting the ones you love.
I'll see you again.
Hello again.
You ain't so tough now,
are you, muscle man? Huh'?
Hoo!
You know...
You know, you really
surprised me the other day,
out of nowhere.
You got a pretty strong
chin there, big guy.
Unfortunately, that's not really
gonna help you now.
You know, if it were up to me,
I'd just...
cut you into little bits
and feed you to the pigs.
But, uh, Drayke wants you alive.
I guess Papa wants to teach you a lesson
for what you did to me.
So, uh...
So I'm just gonna go back there
and have a little fun
with your girlfriend.
What do you think about that?
Keep your fucking hands off of her.
She liked it the last time.
But before I go...
all right, I... I wanna
do something for you.
You know?
I wanna leave you with a little, uh,
souvenir, all right,
of your time here in Hope
with The Circle gang.
So just, uh...
just hold still, 'cause this
is gonna leave a mark.
Oof! Oh!
Aah!
Darcy.
- Darcy.
- Darcy!
Thanks.
You Okay?
I'm good.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
Keep going.
Dad?
Look, I'm sorry about
your father, Deputy,
but I need you to stay focused
because you're no good to me angry.
He thought he'd take
himself out of the picture
and I'd just leave,
get away from Drayke.
All he did was give me a promotion.
We're gonna need an army
to get into that boat.
Well, looks like we've got one.
What do you think
this much product is worth?
Jesus!
Gotta be millions of dollars in here.
Impressive, isn't it?
Hide.
Yeah, that's right, Darcy.
Ryan?
Just do it.
You remember me now?
First I didn't recognize you.
I'm not that good with faces.
Texas cop... with a family.
Ryan Varrett.
You were on a list.
I thought you were dead.
So... what's this, vengeance?
You kill my brother? You kill me?
Did you hear them scream?
Or did it happen too fast?
What does that do to a man?
You're about to find out.
Okay.
So it's an eye for an eye, huh?
You killed my brother.
So, technically, we're even.
- I made a mistake.
- Oh, yeah'? What's that?
I shoulda killed your ass first.
- Argh!
Argh!
Get up!
You should make sure he's dead
They always...
Straight through,
straight through!
Over here!
Good job in there.
Hey...
Are you sure you're
gonna be all right?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
- Okay.
You staying in Hope?
Where else am I gonna go?
You?
Yeah.
Town needs a new sheriff.
Well, I think you'll make a great one.
You fleeing the scene?
You gonna arrest me?
Oh, definitely.
But not today.
Why not?
I got no evidence.
It seems the folks of Hope
have taken a liking to you.
There's no accountin' for taste.
You were a good cop.
You only take out
the bad guys, I get that.
But sooner or later,
somebody's gonna get hurt,
somebody like Darcy.
And I can't let that happen.
I'll see you around.
Not even a goodbye?
I'm bad at goodbyes.
Well, you're not very good
at hellos, either.
So where are you going,
Ryan Varrett?
Just gonna ride off
into the sunset?
Eventually.
You gonna be okay?
Mike used to say
the worst thing about shooting a gun
was the recoil.
It bruises you.
The marks stay around for days.
But then, after a while,
you get used to it.
It doesn't bruise you any more.
And shooting a gun
just becomes reflex.
Mike sounds like a smart guy.
Yep.
Send me a postcard.
Let me know where you go.
I will.
Okay.
- Take care of yourself, okay?
- I will do my best.
Well, I think that just might do it.
English
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org